How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

Viewing a diff can help me to quickly find differences between two files.
By looking at these differences, I can easily notice some weird words or something wrong.
It helps me to locate bugs.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

I usually manually saved old versions under different file names perviously.
I think it is enough in small projects.
However, it is not efficient when facing frequent modifications on code or files.
A history of files with automatical records can make our life much easier with no doubt.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

Pros:
I can control my workflow. Every commit I make has logical purpose.
Cons:
I will probably forget making commit for some reasons, like I am so into the code.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

Allowing saving multiple files in one commit can help readers and coders themselves
put related files together.
In some projects, many files are related to each other.
It will make a lot of sense if allowing saving multiple files in one commit.
However, in some projects, each file is independent, there is no need
to saving multiple files in one commit.
If doing so, it will perhaps confuse users.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

The git log command will show me the entire history of files.
The git diff command can be used to compare two commits.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

I don't need to worry about introducing bugs or doing something wrong.
Even though I do so, I can recover my files to the commit which works well.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

I'd like to use Git during my projects.
